Create an abstract “Device” class with the following: -- Completed, Device folder completed ----
A “Brand” property --Default Public Abstract get/set Completed, ---
A “CPU” property (reference to “CPU” object) -- Completed with public get/set---
A “Memory” property (a list of “Memory” objects) --Completed with public get/set---
A “Connectors” property (a read-only dictionary keyed with values of the Connector enumeration and valued with ints to represent the number of connections available)
A “Peripherals” property (a polymorphic list of Peripheral objects), private -- Completed---

A “ConnectPeripheral()” method that accepts a polymorphic peripheral argument and: --TODO-------!!!!!!!
Throws an exception if there are no available connectors of the connection-type of the peripheral.
Unless the type is “Integrated”.
Otherwise, adds the peripheral to the list.

A “DisconnectPeripheral()” method that accepts a type of peripheral, and will disconnect all connected peripherals of that type.
An abstract “StartUp()” method that will be overridden in each derived class, with some functionality of your choice. Write something to the console, make the computer beep, whatever you’d like.

Create a “CPU” class with the following: --Completed, public class---
A “Brand” property (string).  --Completed, default public get/set prop---
A “Speed” property (double). --Completed, default public get/set prop---

Create a “Memory” class with the following: -- Competed, default public class--
A “Brand” property (string). --Completed, default public string get/set---
A “Size” property (int). --Completed, default public int get/set---


Create a “Laptop” class derived from “Device” with the following: --Completed with default public class--
A “Screen” property that must have a “Screen” object with the “Integrated” connector type assigned.
A “Keyboard” property that must have a “Keyboard” object with the “Integrated” connector type assigned.
A default and greedy constructor.

Create a “Desktop” class derived from “Device” with the following:
A default and greedy constructor.
Create a “CellPhone” class derived from “Device” with the following:
A “Screen” property that must have a “Screen” object with the “Integrated” connector type assigned.
A default and greedy constructor.

Create a public “Connector” enumeration of “USBTypeA”, “USBTypeB”, “USBTypeC”, “MiniUSB”, “MicroUSB”, “DisplayPort” and “Integrated”. --Completed, public class, with enum values called ConnectorType-----

Create an abstract “Peripheral” class with the following: -- Created Peripheral Folder to store the peripherals---
A “Brand” property (string). --Created default public prop with get/set---

		Create a “Keyboard” class derived from “Peripheral” with the following: --Completed default public class keyboard---
		A “Type” enumeration of: “Mechanical” or “Membrane”. --Completed enum----
		A “ConnectorType” property with a value of the “Connector” enumeration.
		A default and greedy constructor.

		Create a “Mouse” class derived from “Peripheral” with the following: --Completed default public class mouse----
		A “ButtonCount” property (int). --public default prop get/set----
		A “ConnectorType” with a value of the “Connector” enumeration.
		A default and greedy constructor.

		Create a “Screen” class derived from “Peripheral” with the following:
		A “Width” property, in whole pixels (int).
		A “Height” property, in whole pixels (int).
		A “ConnectorType” with a value of the “Connector” enumeration.
		A default and greedy constructor.
